the Qatar economic forum is getting
underway here in Doha Global business
and government leaders are discussing
economic challenges and opportunities
aljaz Osama bin Javed is at the Forum in
Doha Osama one of the points of focus
here one of the areas of emphasis has so
far been the war in
Gaza well as the elephant in the room
that as soon as you start talking about
economy uh about investment about this
General state of being for various in
this region you have to talk about Gaz
you have to talk about the situation
that is happening and here especially in
this country has been playing a crucial
role in trying to bring the science
together to find some sort of a solution
where there can be a ceasefire there can
be Aid that can be allowed in and
obviously the release of captives and
here in the opening session of the
economic Forum the Prime Minister abani
talked about not just the efforts that
is putting itself in the middle of but
also how important it is for countries
to come to some sort of solution but
there seems to be a stal it especially
on the Israeli side of things as they
keep going back and forth and trying to
put proposals on the table and they keep
being rejected by
Israel when there are two parties want
to agree on something you need to agree
on on the Baseline first of all and I
believe that what we are seeing there is
a fundamental difference between the two
parties there is one party who wants to
end the war and then talk about the
hostages there is another party who
wants the hostages and who wants and
wants to continue the war and as long as
there is no any commonality between
those two things it won't get us to a
result Osama beyond the issue of Gaza
what else are participants talking
about well it is going to be a general
taking stock of the economy not just
here in this country but across the
region You' got hundreds of delegates
and uh world leaders here who are
talking about not just uh conflict but
also investments into energy into
technology into how the transformation
of blockchain technology is taking shape
and the kis have said that they're
trying to invest about A9 billion fund
into digital transformation so there's a
lot of money involved there's a lot of
uh in investment and future of economies
involved here that it is going to be
discussed deliberated world leaders
Business Leaders they're all going to be
talking about a solution or a multiple
range of solutions going forward uh
making sure that young people are
employed there is enough capital in the
markets and their economies continue to
go towards the green rather than
faltering on all of the geopolitical
issues that we've been seeing in the
last few months okay Osama bade
reporting from Doha thank you very
much make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al